# Blossom - Personal Assistant

Blossom is a personal assistant built in Kotlin that aims to replace other personal assistants like Siri.

Blossom captures voice activity using the VOSK API to transcribe it, which then interfaces with the ChatGPT 3.5 turbo model, A voice is then generated using ElevenLabs API and played back through the current audio output device.

It currently has support for all ChatGPT features, other features that are unavailable to ChatGPT will be interfaced with externally and a response will be generated.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To use Blossom, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository
   ```git clone https://github.com/rebecca-davies/blossom.git```
2. Build and Run the project using an IDE such as IntelliJ, or directly build it using gradle.

## Usage

Once Blossom is setup on your device, you can activate it by saying "Hey Blossom" followed by your command. Blossom will capture your voice activity and transcribe it, returning a response generated by ChatGPT and the available TTS API.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to Blossom! To contribute to the project, follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch
3. Make changes to the code
4. Test your changes
5. Commit your changes
   ```git commit -m "Feature"```
6. Push your changes to your forked repository
   ```git push origin my-feature-branch```
7. Create a pull request from your forked repository to the main repository

## Currently Supported

Try ask Blossom some of these questions

***Hey Blossom, what's the temperature outside?***

***Hey Blossom, set a timer for 10 minutes?***

***Hey Blossom, how much time is left on my timer?***

***Hey Blossom, what time is it right now?***

***Hey Blossom, what's 1295 x 5181 รท 12***

***Hey Blossom, what time does Domino's close?***

Blossom can handle any question with the integration of ChatGPT and access to other APIs.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
